Adding labels to pods (#653)
lightbend/cloudflow: docs/shared-content-source/docs/modules/develop/pages/cloudflow-configuration.adoc

[source, hocon]
----
cloudflow.streamlets.my-streamlet {
  kubernetes.pods.pod {
    labels {

>       key1 = value1,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      key1 = value1
```

The above example shows that `500mcpu` is requested, as well as `512Mi` of memory. 
The pod is limited to use `4Gi` of memory.
It also shows how to set options to the JVM through an environment variable

> and how to set labels to pod's first level section `metadata.labels`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and how to add labels to a pod. 
```

For Spark you can use the following paths:
  
- For the Driver pods: `kubernetes.pods.driver.containers.container` and `kubernetes.pods.driver.labels`     
- For the Executor pods: `kubernetes.pods.executor.containers.container` and `kubernetes.pods.executor.labels`     

For Flink you can use the following paths:
  
- For the JobManager pods: `kubernetes.pods.job-manager.containers.container`      
- For the TaskManager pods: `kubernetes.pods.task-manager.containers.container`      
- For both pods: 
`kubernetes.pods.pod.labels`

You can also specify the Kubernetes container settings for all streamlets using a particular runtime. 

> Is important to clarify that flink configuration will not be able to set specific labels per type of pod (`task-manager` and `job-manager` pods). Only `cloudflow.runtimes.flink.kubernetes.pods.pod.labels` is allowed, cloudflow.runtimes.flink.kubernetes.pods.[pod type].labels is not. For Spark you can add labels specifically for a `driver` and/or `executor` pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is important to clarify that flink configuration will not be able to set specific labels per type of pod (`task-manager` and `job-manager` pods). Only `cloudflow.runtimes.flink.kubernetes.pods.pod.labels` is allowed, cloudflow.runtimes.flink.kubernetes.pods.[pod type].labels is not.
```

> Is important to clarify that flink configuration will not be able to set different labels to its pods. This is `task-manager` and `job-manager`. Only `cloudflow.runtimes.flink.kubernetes.pods.pod.labels` is allowed cloudflow.runtimes.flink.kubernetes.pods.[pod type].labels is not. Spark on the other hand can deal with different labeling for `driver` and `executor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is important to clarify that flink configuration will not be able to set specific labels per type of pod (`task-manager` and `job-manager` pods). Only `cloudflow.runtimes.flink.kubernetes.pods.pod.labels` is allowed, cloudflow.runtimes.flink.kubernetes.pods.[pod type].labels is not. For Spark you can add labels specifically for a `driver` and/or `executor` pod.
```

 
This is shown in the example below:

[source, hocon]
----
cloudflow.runtimes.spark {
  kubernetes.pods {
    driver {
      labels {

>         key1 = value1,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        key1 = value1
```
